yashvi@dal.ca	csci5308	Database Created Successfully!	Executed in 0ms
yashvi@dal.ca	csci5001	Database Created Successfully!	Executed in 0ms
yashvi@dal.ca	db1	Database Created Successfully!	Executed in 0ms
yashvi@dal.ca	data	Database Created Successfully!	Executed in 0ms
yashvi@dal.ca	d	Database Created Successfully!	Executed in 1ms
yashvi@dal.ca	update ttt set lname='sareen' where id=1	Query executed successfully! Executed in 80ms
yashvi@dal.ca	db2	Database Created Successfully!	Executed in 9ms
yashvi@dal.ca	db3	Database Created Successfully!	Executed in 0ms
yashvi@dal.ca	db5	Database Created Successfully!	Executed in 0ms
yashvi@dal.ca	db6	Database Created Successfully!	Executed in 0ms
yashvi@dal.ca	db1	Database Created Successfully!	Executed in 0ms
yashvi@dal.ca	db2	Database Created Successfully!	Executed in 0ms
yashvi@dal.ca	db	Database Created Successfully!	Executed in 0ms
yashvi@dal.ca	db2	Database Created Successfully!	Executed in 1ms
yashvi@dal.ca	db3	Database Created Successfully!	Executed in 0ms
yashvi@dal.ca	db	Database Created Successfully!	Executed in 20ms
yashvi@dal.ca	db1	Database Created Successfully!	Executed in 0ms
yashvi@dal.ca	db2	Database Created Successfully!	Executed in 1ms
v@dal.ca	db3	Database Created Successfully!	Executed in 0ms
d@dal.ca	db4	Database Created Successfully!	Executed in 0ms
yashvi@dal.ca		Table Created Successfully!	Executed in 1ms
v@dal.ca		Table Created Successfully!	Executed in 1ms
d@dal.ca		Table Created Successfully!	Executed in 2ms
yashvi@dal.ca		Table Created Successfully!	Executed in 27ms
yashvi@dal.ca		Table Created Successfully!	Executed in 1ms
yashvi@dal.ca	Yashvi	Database Created Successfully!	Executed in 0ms
yashvi@dal.ca		Table Created Successfully!	Executed in 1ms
yashvi@dal.ca	db	Database Created Successfully!	Executed in 0ms
yashvi@dal.ca	db	Database Created Successfully!	Executed in 0ms
yashvi@dal.ca		Table Created Successfully!	Executed in 2ms
yashvi@dal.ca	yashvi	Database Created Successfully!	Executed in 0ms
yashvi@dal.ca		Table Created Successfully!	Executed in 1ms
d@dal.ca	deeksha	Database Created Successfully!	Executed in 0ms
d@dal.ca		Table Created Successfully!	Executed in 1ms
v@dal.ca	vaishnavi	Database Created Successfully!	Executed in 0ms
v@dal.ca		Table Created Successfully!	Executed in 2ms
yashvi@dal.ca		Table Created Successfully!	Executed in 1ms
yashvi@dal.ca	db	Database Created Successfully!	Executed in 0ms
yashvi@dal.ca	Row insertion successfull	Executed in 9ms
yashvi@dal.ca	db	Database Created Successfully!	Executed in 1ms
yashvi@dal.ca	Row insertion successfull	Executed in 7ms
yashvi@dal.ca	Row insertion successfull	Executed in 17ms
yashvi@dal.ca	Row insertion successfull	Executed in 5ms
d@dal.ca		Table Created Successfully!	Executed in 17ms
d@dal.ca		Table Created Successfully!	Executed in 2ms
v@dal.ca		Table Created Successfully!	Executed in 17ms
v@dal.ca	Table deleted successfully	Executed in 13372ms
yashvi@dal.ca	db2	Database Created Successfully!	Executed in 0ms
